## Professional Self-Assessment

 ->When looking back on my time spent in the Computer Science program and this capstone course I can honestly say that it was one of the hardest things I have ever done, however important thing is, that I was able to do it. When I first started my CS educational journey, I knew almost nothing about coding but I always was pretty computer savvy. During this capstone I was able to take a look at projects that I had completed towards the beginning of my time at SNHU and was given the opportunity to enhance these projects to help showcase my knowledge on these subject. During this time, I was able to take courses that prepared me by teaching me the foundations of topics from algorithms, data structures, secure coding, databases, and so much more.
  <br>
	I have been able to successfully build upon the fundamentals of Computer Science and software engineering, which has allowed me to begin to learn more advanced coding techniques and foster a deep understanding of best practices when it comes to coding. In the capstone course I was able to take a project that was created when I first entered this program and advance it to showcase my new skills. The original project was an app for a zookeeper to monitor animals and habitats at a zoo, but was very basic. In order to showcase my skills in software design and engineering I added a new authentication aspect that required users to login to the application before accessing data. I further enhanced this to include encryption on the stored usernames and passwords to display a proficient understanding of algorithms and data structures. The final skill that I wanted to showcase was my understanding of databases, and this was done by creating a SQL database in order to store the data that is being accessed by the user. 
	<br>
	I feel that as this program comes to an end, I have been setup for success in my future career in Computer Science. I know that this field is a challenging one that requires constant learning and constant growth but I know that with my current skillset I will be able build on my skills to become a successful software engineer. I am very thankful for all of the challenges along the way as they can be used as learning experiences to promote more growth.
