## Refinement Plan and Code Review

###Software design and Engineering
The artifact that I would like to enhance for the software design and engineering portion of this project is the zoo monitoring program that was developed for IT-145. This course was something that I took very early in my program, in 2019, so I thought it would be exciting to look back at this artifact and work to enhance it. In this course we were given the option to include an authentication system or a monitoring system, and I had chosen the monitoring system. The improvement that I would like to add to this project would be to go back in and add the authentication system that will allow the user to input a username and password and checks to make sure this is valid prior to allowing the user to access the monitoring features. When I first took this course I had never used Java before and remember this being quite difficult for me to complete, however now that I am at the end of my program I would like to compare my previous skills to where I am currently at. I feel that this project enhancement will showcase not only my understanding of foundations in application development but will also be able to showcase my understanding of coding best practices, by providing clear and concise code. <br><br>

###Algorithms and Data Structures
For this portion of the portfolio I would like to continue with my improvements on my Zoo software from IT-145. If I am adding an authentication system I would like to also enhance the data structure because it is important to encrypt certain type of data, this includes usernames and passwords. Because there is not an authentication system built into this project I would like add code that will not only store the username and password but also ensure that it is encrypted as well. This can be done by adding a hashing algorithm in order to hash passwords as they are stored to provide a 16 bye one-way hash. A one-way hash will prevent the hashed value from being reversed by any malicious users. This will help demonstrate my knowledge of algorithms and data structures and will allow me to add expanded complexity to the way data is stored in this application. <br><br>

###Databases
For the database section of this portfolio I would like to use skills that I have learned from DAD220, introduction to SQL which I took back in April 2019. This course was useful in giving me the skills to understand the basics of SQL. The way I would like to showcase these skills would be by creating a database that I can add to the Zoo project. Currently the project uses files that are parsed and read, however I would like to add a SQL database that can be used when adding and removing entries about the animals that are being monitored at the zoo. I feel that adding a database to this existing project will demonstrate my understanding of databases and CRUD functions that can be performed to help manage the data that will be accessed by the application. This would require me to adjust the code to read data from the database instead of the files it currently reads from. I would also like to include a user interface in the program that will allow the user to interact and manipulate the data in the database. <br><br><br><br>
